Money has been sent.
Hey, come on, don't worry, don't worry.
It's fast to play with you first, don't worry, don't worry
All of them are available, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you, please go to other projects first.
Wow, Mr. Gu, you are right
There were no merry-go-rounds.
We are so lucky
Hey hey yo
I'm with you.
How is Youyou?
Haha, look.
Why do I think your mother is having more fun than you?
Of course I'm because of Mommy
I like to play carousel
Mommy used to take care of me and couldn't have fun
I let him play enough today
Then let's make your mother happy together today.
Hahaha ah.
Hahaha
Pretty sister
Can you take a photo for our family of three?
Okay, Mommy, come closer
What are you doing so far away from dad?
Dad, you eat ice cream